- Previously
on "The Rookie"...
- How's it going with Rodge?
- Long distance is challenging.
But his European tour
ends next week.
- Is this your cell phone?
- As soon as
you have something.
- Rita Sanchez.
This is Bradley Wirth.
We work with
the Democratic Party.
and we want you to run
for district attorney.
- If you're not in 100%--
- I'm in.
- Now you are in the spotlight.
and you will stay there
until I find a way to hang
these murders around your neck
and lock you away forever.
- I'm not moving to D.C.
- John!
- I know.
I can't tear my life apart.
- Why are you
blowing it all up like this?
- I'm trying
to save our marriage.
- I didn't realize
it was in jeopardy.
- Bailey.
- I really don't see how
candles and crystals are
going to improve my love life.
- Rose quartz will
open your heart chakra
and treat your
emotional wounds.
Also. I'm picking up
a black tourmaline crystal
to protect Rodge
on his journey home.
- Oh. Tour's finally over?
- Yes.
And I'm looking forward
to a little. mmm. you know.
- Is there a crystal for
straight-up getting laid?
- I mean. there are some
pretty frisky gemstones.
and mostly a crystal store
is just
a very calm and healing place.
- I paid you $500 for love
spells that didn't work!
- With that attitude.
I'm not surprised.
Negativity is toxic.
- Give me my money back.
or I'm gonna slap
the taste out of your mouth.
- Sir. let's dial it back.
- Try it. and I'll curse ya.
- Go ahead. you crazy witch!
- Melltith arnoch chi!
- You okay?
- Yeah. Yeah. It's nothing.
All right. come on. buddy.
I'm a cop.
I'm telling you
it's time to go.
- Sir. she stole $500 from me.
- Come on.
- Hey. uh. remember
eight weeks ago
when I bought the perfect
Valentine's Day gift for Tim?
- Oh. you mean
eight weeks ago when
I started my morning commute?
Seriously. how is it possible
that LA traffic
keeps getting worse?
- I don't know.
Blame car culture or
inadequate mass transit.
Hey. but let's focus back
on the baseball autographed
by Fernando Valenzuela that
I bought Tim. and which I hid
so well and now cannot find.
- How is that possible?
- I don't know.
I think--I think I rehid it
after a few tequilas.
What do I do?
I feel like he probably
got me something amazing.
- Hey. can I call you back?
- Sure.
I will just be here.
ripping up the floorboards.
- I will still be in traffic.
- Hey.
- Hey. sis.
I need your help.
- Let me guess.
You forgot to buy Lucy
a Valentine's Day present.
- No.
I ordered one months ago--
that full Korean skincare line
that she loves.
- That's amazing.
What's the problem?
- It never came.
And they're not responding
to my emails.
so I need
a last-minute present.
- What about jewelry?
- That's so cliché.
I wanted to get her
something special.
- You're cute.
but women really love--
- Hey.
- Hey!
- Good morning.
- Hmm.
- Coffee?
- Thank you.
Happy--happy Valentine's Day.
- Happy Valentine's Day.
- Hey. we're not doing presents
right now though. right?
We're doing it--we're doing it
tonight. right?
- No. no. Yeah. tonight.
- Yeah.
- After the fundraiser.
- Oh. yeah. Okay. good. good.
- You are gonna
love what I got you.
- Oh. Same.
- What happened to your face?
- Oh. an accident.
Yesterday at a crystal shop.
although Celina thinks
it's "the curse."
But I don't believe
in that kind of thing.
Oh.
Ow!
Oh!
- Who's the idiot that
deployed pepper spray?
- Officer Penn. sir.
- Ow!
- Something about a curse?
- Enough said.
By the way. I can't believe
you volunteered
to host Wesley's fundraiser.
- Oh. yeah. well.
Bailey's on shift
the whole week
at the firehouse.
We're going through
a bit of a rough patch.
I thought. why not mask
my Valentine's misery
with a hundred
wealthy strangers
and a dozen
middle-class friends?
- Smart.
I'm assuming the move to D.C.
is causing the strife?
- Yeah. and I've been trying
to come up with a solution that
would make both of us happy.
But. you know.
marriage is about compromise.
- Not always.
Sometimes it's about
one person making
a sacrifice for the other.
I did it when Dominique was
born. and I chose to stay home.
But now that I'm back to work.
Wade is clearly
having a hard time
with the time commitment
of my new career.
- I never see her.
It's like I'm a bachelor
without the fun
of being single.
- I was hoping you would
tell me it wasn't so bad.
- Hey. I love my wife.
and I support her.
just like you support Bailey.
- 100%.
- But do I like falling asleep
every night
waiting for her
to come home from work?
Or canceling plans because
she caught an extra shift?
No. I do not.
Still. she's happy.
If she's happy. then I'm happy.
- Sounds like it.
- Yeah.
I'm happy.
- Yes. sir.
Thank you for your
perspective. sir.
- What about a watch
for Tim's present?
- Uh. well.
does Tim need a watch?
- No.
But he didn't need
a signed baseball. either.
- It was instinct.
You know. I mean.
I saw the curse coming.
and I just. like. hid--
- Behind Miles.
I know. I know.
- My job is to run
towards danger.
not use my partner for cover.
I mean. how can I say
I'm fit to be a cop
when I'm clearly a coward?
- You--Celina.
you are not a coward.
And curses. they're not real.
So just. you know. cut yourself
a little bit of slack. okay?
I think he's gonna be okay.
- Sir. I need to search you.
Is there anything sharp in your
pockets that could stick me?
- Nope.
Be careful of the spiders.
- Ah. ah. ah!
Ah. what the hell?
What's wrong with you. man?
- I like spiders.
- Okay. uh. sir. any more
surprises in your pockets?
- No. just the spiders.
- Okay.
We'll finish this search
at the station.
Jump in. Watch your head.
You okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah. just having
one of those days.
No need to think it's
confirmation of the curse.
Weird stuff happens
all the time on the job.
- Oh. 100%.
But maybe you should take
an Uber back to the station.
just for my safety.
Call it in.
- Glasser murdered ten people.
They all deserve serve justice.
- Look. I agree. but we
both live in the real world.
where our first
priority is taking
the strongest case to trial.
the one we know we can win.
- Okay. so you're just
dumping Remy Darden?
- No. No.
But for now I have to hold back
on prosecuting Glasser
for Remy's murder.
Look. the DNA buffet
that Glasser created
to contaminate
his killing floor
ruined any chance
of using forensic evidence.
Now. if you could've identified
him in the basement. then--
- Yeah. but I couldn't.
and neither of us thinks that
I should have lied about that.
- Of course not.
But it makes the path
to conviction more difficult.
which is why I need
to be mercenary
in only prosecuting Glasser
for what I can prove to a jury.
- Well. have you
told his dad yet?
Because if he calls you as much
as he calls me to check in--
- Look. I haven't. but I will
right after the deposition.
- Is there anything I should
be thinking of going in?
- Given the obstacles.
the DNA issues.
the other serial killer.
the patsy that Glasser used.
you need to be perfect.
- Great.
No pressure.
- You know. putting out fires
is our job.
I'm gonna have to report you
for a union violation.
So any idea who set
the swan on fire?
- Nope.
Witnesses say the swan
was floating alone
on a lake when it ignited.
They never saw anyone aboard.
Gasoline and laundry detergent.
Which is basically napalm.
This was set by a pro
using a mechanism
to delay the ignition.
Here it is.
You place a lit cigarette
between the coils.
cover the boat in napalm.
and set it out on the lake.
The arsonist has
about five minutes to clear it.
You wanna know what makes this
even more interesting?
Our first call
this morning was a fire
at the Siegfried Dry Cleaners.
with a coil that looked
just like this.
Swan and Siegfried.
That--it cannot just
be a coincidence.
- I'm not seeing
the connection.
- Ah. the story of "Swan Lake."
The lovers were
Odette and Siegfried.
What?
We have culture in Texas.
- So we're looking for a serial
arsonist who loves the ballet.
Um. why don't you see if you
can get the security camera
footage from the boathouse
and see if anybody has
a video on their cell phone?
- Yes. sir.
- Well.
Happy Valentine's Day?
- I guess that depends on
your definition of "happy."
- Right.
- Why don't I. uh.
meet you at the station
and lend my arson expertise
to your investigation?
- Sounds good.
- Hey. I'm almost home.
I'm just a flight and
a layover and a flight away.
- Yay!
Maybe we could
have dinner tomorrow?
I mean. if--
if you're not too tired
and if you don't mind
having a meal with a coward.
- Are you kidding?
The whole reason I booked this
"Planes. Trains. and
Automobiles"-ass return trip
is so I could get back to you
as quickly as possible.
Translation.
estoy tan emocianada de verte.
- Aww.
Well. then hurry up
and get your ass back here.
- Yes. ma'am. See you soon.
- Goodbye.
- See?
Clearly the curse
did not get on you.
- Please help! Help!
Wait. no. no. no!
I need help!
- Whoa.
Are you all right?
- A witch.
she put a curse on me.
- Oh. my God!
I was there.
What happened to you?
- It all started this morning
when I slipped in the shower.
and I chipped my tooth.
I took a ceiling fan
to the head
when it spun off the mount.
I was chased for three blocks
by a pack of stray dogs.
I lost my wallet. my phone.
Please. I need to get
this curse taken off me.
- Even if she did
put a curse on you.
it's not technically a crime.
- You should go tell
the owner you're sorry.
Beg for forgiveness.
I mean. even offer
her money. anything
to get her to reverse it.
And the sooner. the better.
- Okay. okay.
Thank you. Thank you. Yes!
Bless you.
Whoa!
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Uh. yeah.
It's just--it's just a guy
was hit by a truck earlier.
and it happened. like.
right in front of us.
- That's terrible.
- He'd been cursed.
Never mind.
But I saw it with my
own eyes yesterday
at this crystal shop I go to.
No judgment.
- Pssh. None given.
I spend way too many hours
looking at the lizards
at my local pet store.
We all got our hobbies.
- Right. Yeah.
Well. the thing is. I--
well. I was there
when the curse happened.
and I hid behind Miles
so it wouldn't get on me.
And now Miles has had
a run of bad luck.
and this guy is dead.
and I'm worried that
Miles is next
and it's my fault.
I mean. I should have jumped
in front of the bullet.
I mean. the curse. Whatever.
The point is. my cowardice
put my roommate in jeopardy.
- You've gotten
two commendations for bravery
the last 18 months.
No one can call you a coward.
- Well. yeah.
that's true. but--
how do you know that?
- Oh. um. I--
I looked you up
after our last case together.
Not in a creepy way.
I just--
um. hey. I heard
there's some kind
of big party going on tonight.
Are you going to that?
- Oh. uh. it's--
it's a fundraiser
for Wesley's campaign.
- Oh.
- No. no. you should--
you should totally come.
Yeah. you know. just like.
donate 20 bucks or something.
- You want me to?
- Yeah.
It'll be fun.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- All right. great.
Uh. looking forward to it.
- Okay. I'll see you.
- Oh. man.
- Hey.
Oh. no. no. no. What happened?
- Oh. suspect had
a pocket full of spiders.
Turns out I'm allergic.
but I slammed some Benadryl.
- Okay. no. Miles. we have to
go back to the crystal shop
and get the curse reversed.
- What? No. I can't.
- No. no. no.
Miles. the guy
she aimed it at is dead.
Got hit by a truck
this morning.
- Okay. that's crazy.
I really can't go right now.
Just gotta power through it.
- Detective Harper.
you claim you were attacked
in the Westview basement.
- I did not claim.
I was attacked.
- And did you see
this person's face?
- No.
- Well. I appreciate the fact
that you've been honest
about that from the start.
but it means that
you ultimately decided
my client
was the attacker based on what?
A feeling?
- No. Other factors.
My 15-plus years as a police
officer. his physicality--
- His physicality?
Aren't there millions
of people in LA County
with the same
approximate height and weight?
- Asked and answered.
Detective Harper could not
definitively identify
Liam Glasser.
- Well. I'm simply establishing
that Detective Harper
jumped to conclusions
about my client's involvement
without any evidence.
That's a big swing.
Do you wanna lay foundation
for that assertion.
or should we just
strike that now?
- Detective Harper. on the day
that you first met my client
at the Mid-Wilshire station.
did you subsequently follow him
to his truck for a conversation
at approximately 5:30 p.m.?
- I did.
- And what was the nature
of your conversation
with Mr. Glasser?
- I told him that I thought
he was involved
in the Westview murders.
- What specific
and articulable facts
landed you at that conclusion?
- I did not have
any evidence at this time.
- So you just decided to find
a way to frame my client?
- I resent that allegation.
- Did you tell
my client. quote.
"I will find a way
to hang these murders
around your neck and lock you
away forever." unquote?
May I remind you that
you're under oath?
- I'm aware.
Yes. I did say that.
but I didn't--
- Let the record show
Detective Harper
answered in the affirmative.
"Find a way."
Wait till the jury hears that.
- Good news.
I got Harris to cover
the back half of my shift
so I can spend
Valentine's night with you.
And if we're too tired
to work things out.
we can have satisfying yet
emotionally complicated sex.
- Uh. tempting.
Not saying no.
but we would have to do it
in front of the hundred
or so mostly strangers
who are invading
our house tonight.
Wesley's fundraiser.
- Right.
I forgot.
- I'm ready for my first
Arson 101 lesson.
- Oh. you don't look good.
- Oh. it looks a lot worse
than what it really is.
Although the. uh.
spider bites itch pretty bad.
- Okay. Okay.
Well. in a fire investigation.
we look for seven things.
Do you have any idea
what those are?
- What kind of accelerant they
use. the fuse to light it.
and. uh--
all right. all right.
um. five other things.
- Point of origins.
burn patterns. fire behavior.
forced entry. missing items.
- Correct.
And when I put those factors
through the arson database.
Arnold McKenna's name
popped out.
Arnold's been a firestarter
for the last 20 years.
in and out of prison.
including a stint that
was two years ago last August.
- So what's his motive?
Other than really liking fires.
- Revenge. mostly.
He burned down the home
of a former employer.
a carpet cleaner
that stiffed him.
and the car of an ex-girlfriend
that he claimed cheated on him.
- So what. the swan
did him wrong somehow?
What's going on?
- Yeah. there seems
to be a disconnect.
The whole Valentine's Day
element--
I mean. has he set
thematic fires before?
- No. I mean. it would
be new for Arnold.
- All right.
Well. let's go get him.
- Uh. how about
you do that solo
and let me give some
medical attention to Miles?
- Yeah. Okay.
- How's the present hunt going?
- Oh. badly.
You can't still be in the car.
- No.
I am back in the car
after a day
of wrangling
17 hormonal preteens
in an
unairconditioned classroom.
- Oh. my gosh.
Okay. um.
so I'll try and be quick.
Um. I remember Tim
talking about this book
that he used to read
over and over again.
It was--it was his escape
when things were bad.
- It was a sci-fi book. right?
- Yes.
Do you remember the title?
I wanna get him a copy of it
for Valentine's Day.
- Sorry. I don't.
But I can picture the cover.
It was this buff guy with
a girl with ridiculous breasts.
and they were fighting
a tentacle creature.
I think it took place
on the moon.
- Okay. Thank you.
I can definitely
work with that.
- Yeah. No. No. no.
That--that's not gonna work.
I need the full line.
the cleanser.
serum. toner. all of it.
No. I didn't wait
to buy a gift.
I ordered it from Korea.
and it didn't--
okay. you know what?
Can you transfer me to the
jewelry department. please?
Yeah. thank you.
- I didn't do it.
Every time there's
a fire in this city.
you always drag me in here.
Well. it wasn't me.
So just give me the details.
I'll give you
my rock-solid alibi.
and I can get on with my day.
- Where were you this morning?
- Home. Alone.
- So much for rock-solid.
- You weren't near
Echo Park Lake?
A swan boat was set on fire.
- Nope.
- What about at 6:00 a.m.?
There was a fire
at Siegfried Dry Cleaners.
- "Swan Lake"--cute.
But it wasn't me.
I hate the ballet.
- But you love
a 1.7 to 0.3 ratio
of gasoline
to laundry detergent
to create your accelerant.
with a. uh.
soupçon of orange juice
concentrate
to make it nice and sticky.
- It's not like
I patented that or anything.
- No. but you might have
taught it to someone
who's doing a little bit of
Valentine's Day fire starting.
- Give us a minute.
Hey.
- What's going on?
- LAFD just put out a fire
at the Romeo Bakery.
and they found a half-burned
mosquito coil at the scene.
- Well. it couldn't
have been Arnold.
Which means he definitely
has a protégé out there.
I'll get a court order
to tap his phone.
Whoever his student is.
Arnold might
reach out and give him
an "attaboy."
- We should
definitely be putting eyes
on everything and anything
Juliet-adjacent.
- Mr. Darden. how do you feel
about the prosecutor's office
declining to charge
Liam Glasser with the murder
of your son. Remy?
- What?
- We have a source that says
the district attorney's office
dropped the charges.
- No. no. that's not right.
No. Glasser killed my son.
I was promised.
Wesley Evers promised me
that Glasser would pay--
- I was gonna call him
first thing this afternoon.
but the deposition ran long.
Gabriel Darden should not be
hearing this from a reporter.
Somebody leaked it.
- My bet's on Vivian.
She sees you coming up
in the polls.
she's looking to
take your legs out.
- By destroying
a grieving father?
- She's a
cold-blooded predator.
That's the reason you're
running in the first place.
to bring empathy back
to the DA's office.
We need to put out a statement.
I'll send you a draft in 20.
- So what's the damage
from my deposition?
- Honestly.
pretty catastrophic.
If I call you
as a witness to trial.
Malcolm will have free reign
to impeach your testimony.
He will paint you
as a crooked cop to the jury.
- I never. not once.
stepped out of line
on that case
with regard to evidence.
- Yeah. but you let your
emotions get the better of you.
- I just--I wanted to wipe
that smirk off his face.
- Okay.
- I screwed up.
But Angela can testify.
She--she was there
for most of it.
- She's not the lead detective.
And she's my wife.
Which is just another way
that the defense will highlight
the "prejudice"
against Glasser.
Plus. if I don't call you.
Malcolm will likely add you
to his list.
He'll put you up there
as a hostile witness.
It's a mess.
And. unfortunately. Nyla.
it gets worse.
As an officer of the court.
I have no choice
but to report
your conduct with Glasser
to Internal Affairs.
If I don't make the call to IA.
Malcolm will.
and then I get disbarred
for covering it up.
- I missed this.
Huh?
You. me. out.
laughing about our nonsense.
- Me too.
- Hey. I've been thinking.
How would you feel
if we designate
one night a week as date night?
That way. no matter how busy we
each get. it's on our calendar.
Oh.
And why is this funny?
- I'm just--I am just
appreciating the role reversal.
For two decades.
I wanted you to have
a more predictable schedule.
And so now the shoe
is on the other foot.
and I'm completely empathetic.
but I'm also a little amused.
- Touché.
- Hey. stranger.
- Hey.
- You look like
you could use a drink.
- That obvious?
- Tim might have mentioned
trouble on the home front.
You need a shoulder to cry on.
I owe you.
- Oh. no. you don't.
I mean. I appreciate
the offer. but. uh.
we're working it through.
I think.
- I'm here. I'm here.
Oh. God. they really
packed it in here.
I could barely
get in our front door.
Hi.
- Hi.
Wow. you look beautiful.
- Oh.
So do you.
- Thanks.
- Happy Valentine's Day.
- Oh. I didn't get--I thought
we weren't doing presents.
- I'm gonna go scope out
the dessert table.
- Thank you for the beer.
"Good for a lifetime of
cohabitation with Bailey Nune.
Till death do us part."
I don't--I don't get it.
- I'm not going to D.C.
I'll call Russ in the morning.
and I'll tell him.
- What?
- You have always
been there for me. John.
Through secret husbands.
impetuous behavior.
and emotional minefields.
And over the last few days.
I realized
how hard it must have been for
you to tell me no about D.C.
And I also realized.
instead of listening.
I took your head off and ran
away from the conversation.
You are the love
of my life. John.
I don't wanna be
anywhere you're not.
- I feel the same way.
- When were you gonna tell me
you're going after Harper?
Who now is not coming.
by the way.
- Okay. I'm not
going after her.
I have a legal obligation.
- Which you didn't feel
when I threatened
to kill Elijah in his kitchen.
- That was a sanctioned
sting operation.
There's no gray area here.
Angela.
I'm trying very hard.
very hard. not to blame Nyla
because she is our friend.
But I might actually lose this
trial because of what she did.
Liam Glasser might walk free.
So take a moment. consider
who you're mad at right now
and whether that's deserved.
- You two are so cute.
Love the passion.
- Well. we are very
passionate about justice.
- I'm not having a good time
with this campaign.
- Join the club.
- I can't wait any longer.
- No. look. I'm all
for being adventurous.
but this might cross a line.
- Get your mind
out of the gutter.
I wanna give you your gift.
- Oh.
Wow. Okay.
- I really hope
it's the right one.
You said how much
this meant to you.
I tried to find you a new one.
but they're out of print.
- I can't--is this signed?
- Yeah.
The librarian who
helped me find it
knows the author.
who lives in LA.
and he was just so thrilled
that the book
meant so much to someone.
Do you--do you like it?
- Do--I love it.
No. I love you.
It's incredible.
- I get mine now?
- I'm sorry.
I'll be right back.
- Okay.
- Excuse me.
I need her for a minute.
- I was having a connection.
- You can do better.
- She found it!
Cool.
- You knew?
- Yeah. she needed help
remembering the title.
It's signed?
That's amazing.
- I'm sorry.
You knew she was gonna give me
the most thoughtful gift ever.
and you didn't say anything?
You--you told me
to buy jewelry.
I got earrings.
- Did she like them?
- I didn't give them to her.
not after this.
- It's not a competition to see
who can get the best gift.
- Okay. you know what?
It is now.
I'm gonna see if I can
plan a trip to Paris
in the next ten minutes.
If she asks where I am.
just cover for me.
- You made it.
- You kidding?
A pretty girl ask you out
to a party. you don't say no.
You buy a suit
and some pricey cologne.
Wow. you. uh--
you look beautiful.
- Aw. thank you.
Oh. whoa. No. sorry.
Sorry. that's not--I--
- Celina.
- What? Hi. Oh!
I thought you weren't supposed
to land until tomorrow.
- Well. I forgot that you gain
a day when you're coming back.
and I'm nine hours off.
And. uh--am I
interrupting something?
- Yeah.
- Of course not.
- I do--what?
You asked me out.
- No. I did not.
No. I said you should--
you should come.
that it would be fun.
And. well. I'm now realizing
that could be misinterpreted.
But it wasn't
my intention to you.
- Sorry. I'm too jet lagged
to follow this.
Do I have anything
to worry about?
- You do not.
- Great.
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna get a drink.
Why don't you guys. uh. come
find me after you work it out?
- Yeah. Uh-huh.
Gilmar. um. I am so sorry.
Sorry. Excuse me.
- Thank you.
Thank you for coming.
Now. I joined the DA's office
because I believe
that everyone.
regardless of their means.
their race. or their social
status. deserves justice.
- Liar!
What about my son?
- Hands behind your back.
- Excuse us.
- This is a nightmare.
- You acted in self-defense.
protected your wife--
who didn't need protecting.
by the way.
but I love that you did it.
- I assaulted
a grieving father.
We need to make a statement.
- No. you are blowing up
the internet.
Getting praise across
the political spectrum.
Hell. Joe Rogan called you
an American hero.
Oh. this is Rogan's people.
I'm trying to get you
on the podcast today.
Hey. thanks
for calling me back.
- This is breaking my brain.
The people that usually
hate progressives
are suddenly my demographic?
- Whatever it takes.
We're in this to win it.
So you need to find
a way to be a badass
and a saint at the same time.
- Mm.
- Sounds perfect.
- These are beautiful.
- You opened them.
- Well. yeah.
We kind of got lost in all of
the excitement from last night.
and I happened to find myself
looking through your pockets.
And I--I love them.
- Okay. Good.
But just know it is
a second-choice gift.
I mean. I bought you every item
of that overpriced
South Korean face stuff
you love.
but it didn't ship in time.
And then you got me
the most thoughtful present
in recorded history.
and I'm so sorry that
it's not a better gift.
- Are you kidding?
- Yeah.
- They match my necklace.
These are incredible. okay?
Thank you.
You know. I actually bought you
a different gift first too.
- Oh. yeah. yeah. the
Fernando Valenzuela baseball
hidden behind
the washing machine?
- You found it.
and you didn't tell me?
- I didn't want you getting
mad at me for criticizing
your hiding spot.
- What?
- A greenhorn in the Academy
would have
found that in. like.
six seconds.
But I love you.
- Her name is Mandy Fisk.
She did six months
for arson last year.
Arnold McKenna called her
last night at 9:34.
You sure you're all right?
- Yes. sir.
Elevator door caught me good
as I was leaving this morning.
but I just need to walk it off.
- Hi.
Can I help you?
- You sure can.
Why don't you invite us in.
and I'll tell you how?
Clear the couch. Carefully.
- What's this about?
- Why don't you have a seat.
and I'll try to explain?
LAPD has been
monitoring a phone
that belongs to Arnold McKenna.
He called you last night? 9:34?
- Oh. that's who that was.
I heard static on the line.
so I hung up.
- The call lasted
for three minutes.
- Over the last 36 hours.
several fires have been started
that match Arnold's MO.
However. they've got
a bit of a romantic streak
that really doesn't fit
Arnold's temperament.
- Yeah. he's more
of a revenge guy.
Look. Arnold's a creep.
We were in the same halfway
house when I got out of prison.
He took a shine to me.
kept boasting
about how powerful he was.
thinking it was gonna
help him get in my pants.
Wouldn't listen when I told him
that I don't like boys.
For real. he was obsessed.
and I him to get lost.
- But not before you
stole his special method
for starting fires.
- No!
That's what the phone call
was about last night.
Someone is using his formula
and setting fires.
but it isn't me.
and I told him that.
- It's not just you.
You have a partner.
- You're wrong.
- Come on. "Swan Lake"?
"Romeo and Juliet"?
You're flirting with someone
through fire.
It's a call and response.
So who is your other half?
- No one.
- Baby. you gotta see this.
The Juliet Cake Shop
went up like a torch.
Check out this video
on my phone.
- Mm.
And I'd love to see it.
Perhaps I'll take a look
while Officer Penn
puts you both in cuffs
and read you your rights.
Watch your head.
- Hi. Thank you.
Thank you so much
for coming in.
- I wanna make this clear
right up front.
My client does not accept
any legal liability
for events that have occurred
since her argument
with Greg Clark two days ago.
- Oh. no. I'm not trying to
arrest Rhiannon for anything.
I want her to remove the curse
off my friend Miles.
- To promise any kind
of restorative action
could be taken as
an admission of guilt.
- No. please. listen.
it's--it's my fault. okay?
I should have protected him.
And I know you're--
you're a good person
who wouldn't want her abilities
to harm an innocent man.
Not that they have or will.
- All right.
this conversation is over.
- No. no!
Okay. please. I'll pay.
Call it a charitable donation.
I'll sign whatever
waiver you want.
- A thousand dollars.
- Cash.
- Done.
Yeah. I--I will send it
after my shift.
- I'm sorry.
- It's not your fault.
- Mm.
- Wesley was just
doing his job.
- Have you heard from IA yet?
- No.
They'll need to review all the
facts before bringing me in.
But it would probably
be best for us
to keep things
purely professional
until this is all over.
- Yeah. I guess so.
- I set all the fires.
Sally had nothing
to do with it.
- Mandy. don't.
- Look. given we
have her confessing
to setting one of the fires
and we have it on video.
that's not gonna stick.
- Please. I talked her into it.
She's not even
really a firebug.
She--she's just in love
with me. and I took advantage.
She doesn't deserve
to go to prison.
- She lit the fires. Mandy.
I can't just let her go.
Look. you can always try your
luck with the DA's office.
- Look. I'm not judging you.
It's your money.
But if this Rhiannon woman
truly believed
in her mystical powers.
she wouldn't be jacking you up
for a thousand bucks
just to clean up
her spray-and-pray method
of cursing.
- Yeah. totally.
but I have to save Miles.
Then I'm taking my
crystal business elsewhere.
- Yeah.
- Oh. my--
Sir. Sir.
Hey. are you okay?
- Is he okay?
This entrance is what's cursed.
- Oh. my God.
God.
- Hey. let me--
let me talk to Nolan.
I'm sure he'll let us
take Miles for a few hours
to get this curse removed.
- Thank you.
I'm afraid to wait
any longer to get this done.
- What happened?
- Oh. my God.
There was an explosion
in the sally port.
Jeez.
Oh. careful. careful.
You got a huge piece
of glass in your arm.
- Oh.
- No. no. no.
Leave it. Leave it. leave it.
We gotta get you
a tourniquet first.
- Right. right. Yeah. Okay.
We have to help everyone.
I need to find Miles.
I--I need to find Miles.
- First. go to the kit room.
Grab all the respirators.
- Yeah.
- Ugh. Jeez.
- Help.
- Oh.
I'm here. I'm right here.
- Help!
- I'm coming!
- Miles!
We need help!
Somebody help!
Come on.
- Nyla!
Nyla. are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm okay.
- Okay.
There's masks in the box.
- I'm gonna go back there.
- Okay.
- Hey. you okay? You okay?
Hang on.
- You ready?
One. two. three!
I'll get the masks.
- I'll get the keys.
- Here.
Can you walk?
Come on.
Make your way out.
- Help!
Help us!
- Help! I need hands!
- Keys!
- Got it.
- Help!
Help.
- Tim?
Bradford.
Bradford!
Bradford. let's go! Come on.
- Put this on.
Come on. Get up.
- We can't stay here.
- I'm not leaving them behind.
- Hey! Over here.
It's jammed.
We need this open.
- Miles!
I got you. buddy.
- Hi.
Uh. I'm checking on a patient.
Uh. Mandy Fisk.
She was burned in that fire.
- Arnold McKenna.
you're under arrest
for use of a weapon
of mass destruction
and attempted murder
times a thousand.
- And just so you know.
Mandy and her girlfriend
are gonna make it.
but you're gonna go to prison
for the rest of your life.
- Get him out of here.
- Hey. Hey!
- Oh!
- I thought I'd lost you.
- Thanks for the save.
- Mm. It's what we do.
Although it would be
so great if we never
had to survive a fire again.
- Tell me about it.
- Look who I found
out in the lobby.
- James should be
landing any minute.
We had to talk each other down
on the way over here.
- Thanks.
- I know you said we should
keep it purely professional.
but how about
we start that tomorrow?
- Come here.
- Hey.
- How's he doing?
- Oh. he's okay.
Concussion.
lots of blunt force trauma.
bruising.
some second-degree burns.
but it could've been
a lot worse.
- But it wasn't.
because you saved him.
- It was my fault he was
in danger in the first place.
- Okay.
Regardless.
that's taken care of now too.
I gave Rhiannon the thousand
dollars to lift the curse.
She promised
it's effective right away.
- Oh. my God!
I will pay you back.
- Oh. please.
I sold so much merch
on my tour. I'm loaded.
Are you. uh. huggable?
- Gently.
- Well. I have a newfound
respect for firefighters.
And you in general.
as if I needed that.
- And I have
an even greater respect
for your
stubborn-headed bravery.
But next time. leave the fire
rescue to the professionals.
We dress for it.
- Yes. dear.
You should go to D.C.
- John--
- No. listen. I--I mean it.
We are strong enough
to navigate the separation.
And you really want it.
I took it personally.
And it never about us.
- You think I'll get
bored of this in a year
and chase a new challenge
back home.
- I'm sure I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Mm.
- Damn it.